fix(curriculum): Clarify instructions for music player and spreadsheet challenges (#53286)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/65364566e84e378837fbaf2a.md

# --description--

In previous steps you built out the functionality for playing a song. Now you need to add the functionality to the play button so that it will play the current song when it is clicked on.

> Use the `addEventListener()` method and pass in a `click` event for the first argument and an empty callback function with arrow syntax for the second argument. Ex.(`()=>{}`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `addEventListener()` method and pass in the string `click` for the first argument as the event to listen for and an empty callback function with arrow syntax for the second argument. Ex.(`()=>{}`).
```
I think we should specify that `click` is a string that describes the type of event to listen for.

---

`click` is not an event, but a string and we can't use `"click"` because the style guide doesn't allow it (as far as I know).

Author: Before I make adjustments to this pull request, I just wanted to get some small clarification. When you say "click is not an event and we cant use `"click"` because the style guide does not allow it" I'm just a teeny bit lost hehe

> Use the `addEventListener()` method and pass in the string `click` for the first argument as the event type to listen for and an empty callback function with arrow syntax for the second argument. Ex.(`()=>{}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `addEventListener()` method and pass in the string `click` for the first argument as the event type to listen for and an empty callback function with arrow syntax for the second argument, e.g., `() => {}`.
```

Bit of a nitpick, but I would prefer e.g. instead of ex. here and removing the parentheses around the example.
